feat(serverless): add more entries in faq/troubleshooting (#3477)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/concepts.mdx

The runtime is the execution environment of your function. Regarding Serverless Function, it consists of the languages in which your code is written.

## Sandbox

> Is the isolation aera for your function. v2 is recommended for faster cold starts while v1 is legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts and supports full Linux syscall interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is the isolation area for your function. v2 is recommended for faster cold starts while v1 is legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts and fully supports Linux syscall interface.
```

> Is the isolation aera for your function. v2 is recommended for faster cold starts while v1 is legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts and supports full Linux syscall interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sandbox is an isolation area for your function. Serverless Functions offer two sandboxing environments:

- **v2** - Recommended for faster cold starts.
- **v1** - Legacy sandboxing with slower cold start, but fully supports Linux system call interface.
```
